Place correct formular position (#920)
wiris/html-integrations: CHANGES.md

Last release of this project was 18th of March 2024.

### Unreleased

>   - fix(ck4): Place correct formular position after inserting an equation.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - fix(ck4): Place formula in the correct position after inserting italics (or bold or underlined) text in a new line.  
```

Author: Sure! That's better
